Fixed incorrect formatting for inline pluralized code references. (#19250)
django/django: docs/intro/tutorial05.txt

--------------------

Now you can satisfy yourself that this behaves as expected by firing up

> ``runserver``, loading the site in your browser, creating ``Question``\s with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``runserver``, loading the site in your browser, creating a few ``Question`` entries with
```

just created; in fact there will be a lot of repetition.

We could also improve our application in other ways, adding tests along the

> way. For example, it's silly that ``Question``\s can be published on the site
> that have no ``Choice``\s. So, our views could check for this, and exclude such
> ``Question``\s. Our tests would create a ``Question`` without ``Choice``\s and

Reviewer: I'm also replacing `silly` with `pointless` for the sake of being more inclusive (for neurodiverse crowd).
```suggestion
way. For example, it's pointless that a ``Question`` can be published on the site
that have no ``Choice`` instances. So, our views could check for this, and exclude such
``Question`` objects. Our tests would create a ``Question`` without any ``Choice`` and
```

then test that it's not published, as well as create a similar ``Question``

> *with* ``Choice``\s, and test that it *is* published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*with* some associated ``Choice`` instances, and test that it *is* published.
```

Perhaps logged-in admin users should be allowed to see unpublished

> ``Question``\s, but not ordinary visitors. Again: whatever needs to be added to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Question`` entries, but not ordinary visitors. Again: whatever needs to be added to
```

as you continue to develop your program.

Sometimes tests will need to be updated. Suppose that we amend our views so that

> only ``Question``\s with ``Choice``\s are published. In that case, many of our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only ``Question`` entries with associated ``Choice`` objects are published. In that case, many of our
```
